[feat] Add worked bounded fan-out examples to principle-concurrency (9 languages) (#434)
lugassawan/swe-workbench: skills/principle-concurrency/examples/bounded-fan-out.ts.md

# Bounded Fan-out — TypeScript — bounded worker pool (p-limit style)

## Problem

Fetch N items concurrently in TypeScript, capping inflight work at K=5 using K async
worker functions that share a mutable `cursor` index. Each worker claims the next index
atomically (`i = cursor++`), fetches, stores into `results[i]`, then loops until the
cursor exceeds the array bounds. `Promise.all(workers)` waits for all K workers to drain
the list. Results land in `results` in original order because each worker writes to its
claimed index slot.

## Implementation

```typescript
// file: bounded-fan-out.ts
async function fetch(id: string): Promise<string> {
  await new Promise((r) => setTimeout(r, 10));
  return `result-${id}`;
}

async function boundedFanOut(ids: string[], K: number): Promise<string[]> {
  const results: string[] = new Array(ids.length);
  let cursor = 0;

  async function worker(): Promise<void> {
    while (true) {

>       const i = cursor++; // safe: JS is single-threaded; no two workers overlap here

Author: **Medium** — The comment `// safe: JS is single-threaded; no two workers overlap here` states the conclusion rather than the mechanism. "JS is single-threaded" is true of the event loop, but a learner translating this pattern to another language (or using `SharedArrayBuffer` with Worker threads) may cargo-cult the justification incorrectly. The real invariant is that `cursor++` is a synchronous read-modify-write and JS only yields at `await`.

```suggestion
      const i = cursor++; // safe: cursor++ is synchronous; JS only yields at `await`, so no two workers can read the same index
```

Author: Addressed in a574400: updated comment to explain the mechanism — `cursor++` is synchronous and JS only yields at `await`, so no two workers can read the same index.
